README.md, before:

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

SciKit-Surgery libraries implements a family of compact, orthogonal, libraries accompanied by robust testing, documentation, and quality control. SciKit-Surgery libraries can be rapidly assembled into testable clinical applications and subsequently translated to production software without the need for software reimplementation.

<!--
You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/mianasbat/ghpages/edit/main/README.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/mianasbat/ghpages/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

-->

Commit message:

Getting started section added to readme file

README.md, after:


## What is SciKit-Surgery libraries:

SciKit-Surgery libraries implements a family of compact, orthogonal, libraries accompanied by robust testing, documentation, and quality control. SciKit-Surgery libraries can be rapidly assembled into testable clinical applications and subsequently translated to production software without the need for software reimplementation.

## Getting started:
Wondering which library is suitable for my job and how to use it? Check out the list of included libraries, relevant [documentation](https://scikit-surgery.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) and [demo tutorials](https://scikit-surgery.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#tutorials).




<!--
You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/mianasbat/ghpages/edit/main/README.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/mianasbat/ghpages/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

-->
